# Minecraft-Guide
Guide about minecraft
## Chapter One: How To Make Tools!
### We all need tools. We all know that. We also all know that tools don’t appear out of thin air! This part will teach you how to make tools to help you in your Minecraft journey. You will probably be doing this into the night, and there are monsters, so break dirt and build a hut around you for protection. First, you need to get supplies. Walk around breaking trees to get logs. Craft them into planks for crafting. Make sure you have enough logs for what I am about to explain next. Once you have your planks, make a crafting table by placing planks in all spaces of your 2x2 crafting grid. This will give you a crafting table. You will 100% NEED it to craft all your tools. Now, click on your crafting table. You will now be able to craft on a 3x3 crafting grid. You will need sticks and some leftover planks. To craft sticks, place 2 planks on top of each other, vertically. This will give you 4 sticks. Craft 12 sticks. All tools combined use 9 sticks, you will have 3 leftover sticks. First and ALWAYS first, craft a wooden pickaxe. Craft only this for now. Dig down until you reach a gray hard material. This is stone. Use your wooden pickaxe and mine it. Mine at least 30 blocks of cobblestone. If you see stone but with black chunks in it, mine it. This is coal and it is important. You will need this later. Make a staircase back to the surface. Then, whip out your crafting table and click on it. Use the rest of your sticks to craft stone tools. Press on the magnifying glass in your crafting table to see the tools you can craft. Proceed to make a stone pickaxe first, then make the rest of the tools from stone.
## Chapter 2: How Tools Work!
### 
## Chapter Three: Defending Against Monsters!
